This directory contains dummy header files and an example program
showing how to compile ACIS-enabled applications using the ACIS
libraries from a CUBIT distribution.  To build your own application,
use the included Makefile as a guide or simply substitute your own
source files in this Makefile for the main_cubit_acis and snippet
files referenced here.

Before building your application, download CGM and go through the
configure/make process (see README.CONFIGURE in the CGM distribution
for instructions).  After building CGM, make sure to do a 'make
install', which will write the CGM header files and libraries into
'include' and 'lib' directories under the directory you gave to the
'prefix' argument to configure.

This procedure has been tested under Linux (RHEL 4.0) and verified to
work.  It's probably not difficult to make work on other platforms, if
it doesn't work already there.  It probably requires a little more
effort to get this to work on Windows, which hasn't been done yet.  If
you do that, and can send the resulting configuration files to
cubit-dev@sandia.gov, we'll try and incorporate them into the next
release of CGM.

In your application, instantiate CGM and ACIS as you normally would,
following the directions in the CGM User's Guide.  However, instead of
including the AcisQueryEngine.hpp and AcisModifyEngine.hpp headers
from the CGM ACIS source, instead include NoAcisQueryEngine.hpp and
NoAcisModifyEngine.hpp files from this directory.  These files contain
dummy declarations of the AcisQuery/ModifyEngine classes without
including any ACIS source.

Also, if you modify this Makefile or copy its link rule into your own
Makefile, make sure NOT to link the libcubit_xxx libraries into your
application.  This will result in two versions of the functions in CGM
being found, and we've observed problems when this happens.  The
libcubiti referenced in the link command in Makefile should contain
the necessary functions to build your CGM application.
